Retire pm_test from PC suspend 30 cycles and separate IoT suspend cycles (New) (#601)
canonical/checkbox: providers/base/units/stress/suspend_cycles_reboot.md

> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->

Reviewer: If possible, try to break lines of text at 80 characters so it's easier to read while in the repository.

Author: Hi @pieqq, disable MD033 is used to allow the inline html.

# Flow of the suspend-cycles-stress-test test plan

> This description will focus on the suspend cycles and reboot process

Reviewer: Missing a period at the end of the sentence.

The  remaining work log check, suspend time check, and log attachments  will be executed at the end of a suspend and reboot jobs.

## Definition of the test case name

- **suspend\_cycles\_{n}\_reboot{k} :** Indicates the execution of a suspend operation, n is the suspend index of the k<sup>th</sup> round of reboot. Simply put: S<sub>k</sub>n
- **suspend\_cycles\_reboot{k}:** Indicate the execution of a reboot operation, k is the the reboot index. Simply put: R<sub>k</sub>

> ## For Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

> If do 5 suspends per reboot round and do 3 rounds (N = 5, K=3), it means:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If doing 5 suspends per reboot round for 3 rounds (N = 5, K = 3), it means:
```

> > N: numbers of suspend  in each reboot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `n`: number of suspends in each cycle before rebooting
```

> >
> > K: numbers of reboot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k`: number of reboots
```
```

- suspend\_cycles\_1\_reboot1: S<sub>A</sub>1

> - suspend\_cycles_1\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}: S<sub>k</sub>1 (k: from A to C)
> - suspend\_cycles\_{{suspend\_id}}\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}: S<sub>k</sub>n (n: from 2 to 5, k: from A to C)
> - suspend\_cycles\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}: R<sub>k</sub> (k: from A to C)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- suspend\_cycles_1\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}: S<sub>k</sub>1 (`k`: from A to C)
- suspend\_cycles\_{{suspend\_id}}\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}: S<sub>k</sub>n (`n`: from 2 to 5, `k`: from A to C)
- suspend\_cycles\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}: R<sub>k</sub> (`k`: from A to C)
```

The flow will be the following:

S<sub>A</sub>1 &rarr; S<sub>A</sub>2 &rarr; S<sub>A</sub>3 &rarr; S<sub>A</sub>4 &rarr; S<sub>A</sub>5 &rarr; R<sub>A</sub>

&rarr; S<sub>B</sub>1 &rarr; S<sub>B</sub>2 &rarr; S<sub>B</sub>3 &rarr; S<sub>B</sub>4 &rarr; S<sub>B</sub>5 &rarr; R<sub>B</sub>

&rarr; S<sub>C</sub>1 &rarr; S<sub>C</sub>2 &rarr; S<sub>C</sub>3 &rarr; S<sub>C</sub>4 &rarr; S<sub>C</sub>5 &rarr; R<sub>C</sub>

> ## The relateion between template job and the resources job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Relation between template and resource jobs
```

> - suspend\_cycles\_1\_reboot1 : job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- suspend\_cycles\_1\_reboot1: job
```

>   - ie : S<sub>A</sub>1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For example: S<sub>A</sub>1
```

"i.e." means "id est" in Latin, it's different from an example, so I think it's better to just write "For example" or "For instance" in plain text :)

(This applies to other lines below, too)

    - S<sub>C</sub>2, S<sub>C</sub>3, S<sub>C</sub>4, S<sub>C</sub>5
  - After job:
    - suspend\_cycles\_{{suspend\_id\_previous}}\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}
      - ie:
        - S<sub>A</sub>1, S<sub>A</sub>2, S<sub>A</sub>3, S<sub>A</sub>4
        - S<sub>B</sub>1, S<sub>B</sub>2, S<sub>B</sub>3, S<sub>B</sub>4
        - S<sub>B</sub>1, S<sub>C</sub>2, S<sub>C</sub>3, S<sub>C</sub>4
  - Resource job:
    - stress\_s3\_cycles\_iterations\_multiple
      - Output:
        - suspend\_id: suspend index
          - ie: 2, 3, 4, 5
        - suspend\_id\_previous: previous suspend index
          - ie: 1, 2, 3, 4
        - suspend\_reboot\_id: reboot index
          - ie: A, B, C
- suspend\_cycles\_reboot{1...k}: template job
  - ie: R<sub>A</sub>, R<sub>B</sub>, R<sub>C</sub>
  - After job:
    - suspend\_cycles\_{{s3\_iterations}}\_reboot{{suspend\_reboot\_id}}
      - ie: S<sub>A</sub>5, S<sub>B</sub>5, S<sub>C</sub>5
  - Resource job:
    - stress\_suspend\_reboot\_cycles\_iterations
      - Output:
        - s3\_iterations: numbers of suspend  in each reboo
          - ie: 5
        - suspend\_reboot\_id: reboot index
          - ie: A, B, C

> ### Simple put

Reviewer: Nothing is simple in this World! :)

You could just add:

```suggestion
Or, as a table:
```

| Name of Job or Template Job | S<sub>A</sub>1 |          S<sub>k</sub>1           |                                                S<sub>k</sub>n                                                 |                 R<sub>k</sub>                  |
| --------------------------- |:--------------:|:---------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------:|

> | Resources Job               |      None      | stress\_s3\_cycles\_iterations\_1 |                                   stress\_s3\_cycles\_iterations\_multiple                                    |  stress\_suspend\_reboot\_cycles\_iterations   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Resource Job               |      None      | stress\_s3\_cycles\_iterations\_1 |                                   stress\_s3\_cycles\_iterations\_multiple                                    |  stress\_suspend\_reboot\_cycles\_iterations   |
```

| Generated Job               | S<sub>A</sub>1 |  S<sub>B</sub>1, S<sub>C</sub>1   | S<sub>A</sub>2, ..., S<sub>A</sub>5; S<sub>B</sub>2, ..., S<sub>B</sub>5; S<sub>C</sub>2, ..., S<sub>C</sub>5 |  R<sub>A</sub>, R<sub>B</sub>, R<sub>C</sub>   |

> | After job                   |      None      |   R<sub>A</sub>,  R<sub>B</sub>   | S<sub>A</sub>1, ..., S<sub>A</sub>4; S<sub>B</sub>1, ..., S<sub>B</sub>4; S<sub>C</sub>1, ..., S<sub>C</sub>4 | S<sub>A</sub>5, S<sub>B</sub>5, S<sub>C</sub>5 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| After Job                   |      None      |   R<sub>A</sub>,  R<sub>B</sub>   | S<sub>A</sub>1, ..., S<sub>A</sub>4; S<sub>B</sub>1, ..., S<sub>B</sub>4; S<sub>C</sub>1, ..., S<sub>C</sub>4 | S<sub>A</sub>5, S<sub>B</sub>5, S<sub>C</sub>5 |
```

# Flow of the suspend-cycles-stress-test test plan

> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->

Reviewer: I was wondering what this is. It looks like it's for a VS Code extension.

You can edit your extension's settings to allow some elements: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/72368493/allow-some-html-elements-in-markdown-lint-rule-md033-in-visual-studio-code

Please do that instead.

This description will focus on the suspend cycles and reboot process.

> The remaining work log check, suspend time check, and log attachments will be\

Reviewer: You don't need the `\` character. Markdown will only create new paragraphs if you leave an empty line between two blocks of text.

(this comment is valid for all the MD file)
